hi I'm Alex with Murray corporation and
we're in a mission to make this world
better through lubrication excellence
today I will talk about the importance
of implementing a world-class oil
analysis program to support your
reliability strategies in noria we use
an expression that says the only your
machines is talking
are you hearing it the answer we
normally receive is yes we do have an
oil analysis program implemented in
place and it has been working for years
that's wonderful but there is a second
question are you hearing all the
valuable and all the useful information
that your oil wants to tell you probably
hear the answer is not affirmative we
have seen many programs implemented in
the field with the best desires but
limitations that are not perceived in
many cases by the pro producer let's
talk about how to implement a worthless
oil analysis program first we have to
define the program goals and objectives
will we use it as a predictive strategy
will be used only as a proactive
strategy will be used or implemented to
maximize the oil drain intervals in
machines or probably would be
interesting to implement it to analyze
the quality and verify the quality of
the incoming oil or even better it can
be implemented with all those objectives
which is the best practice the second
step is implementing what was designed
that means installing the right sampling
ports using the right sampling
technology and devices the right bottles
taking the samples and sending them
immediately to the lab taking the right
corrective and proactive actions
resulting from the lab reports and using
historical information as a feedback for
continuous
movement the result is a powerful
program that will support your
reliability strategy well if you like us
to help you implementing a world-class
whole analysis program please let us
know visit us at Nuria comm